treewide: Remove confirmable parameter from location assistance (#11021)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

  * Updated:

    * :file:`lwm2m_client_utils_location.h` includes new API for location assistance to register application callback to receive result codes from location assistance.

>     * :file:`lwm2m_client_utils_location.h` removed deprecated confirmable parameters from location assistance APIs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * :file:`lwm2m_client_utils_location.h` by removing deprecated confirmable parameters from location assistance APIs.
```

Author: Done
